Inline: Support vertical alignment (#562)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/five-peas-promise.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

Inline: Support vertical alignment

**FEATURES**

**`Inline`**

> Add support for vertical alignment via the `alignY` prop. Supports responsive space values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vertical alignment is now supported via the `alignY` prop, e.g. `<Inline space="small" alignY="center">`.

This also supports responsive values, e.g. `<Inline space="small" alignY={['center', 'top']}>`
```
